it is just like Baker said we are facing
increasing danger from stored nuclear
materials you see there are three
elements necessary in the manufacture of
nuclear weapons nuclear materials
nuclear engineers and manufacturing
technology all three of them can easily
be acquired by either legal or illegal
means if you have enough money that is
master
does the name deepthroat mean anything
to you deep throat what you mean the guy
from Watergate no but he uses the same
name whoever he is he's not part of our
operation but he's been giving me advice
by codec what on top of that he wasn't
using burst transmission it seems he was
transmitting from somewhere on this base
somewhere on the base yes I have no idea
who that could be
I see
now